hi everyone and welcome to Nicko's
kitchens fast food Friday today we're
going to be making the most iconic fast
food around the world it is something
that I have received thousands of
requests for and we're going to do it
today
homemade of course I'm talking about
KFC's fried chicken he's got budget bill
month is what you want Wednesday fast
food Friday sweater skinny chef it's
Nicko's kitchen where satisfying meals
are prepared
so the first thing that we're going to
do to get started on our Fried Chicken
is just into a bowl I've got some plain
flour and we're going to season our
flour first I'm going to be adding in
some salt and some pepper also going to
be adding in some garlic powder next is
some onion powder and lastly some
propria and just give that a good mix
around with the flour so that's what
you'll end up with a beautiful flower
spice mix so we'll just put this to one
side so just into a separate bowl I'm
going to be putting in one egg and I'm
also going to add in some milk as well
and just mix the egg and the milk
together just give it a whisk now of
course you going to need some chicken
now the chicken that I've got is some
drumsticks and some wings if you wanted
to do the chicken breast or the chicken
tenderloin you can as well but just make
sure the skin is on because that's how
we're going to get that really crispy
skin on the outside so what I want you
to do really simple is I want you to put
the chicken straight into the egg wash
make sure you get everything coated and
then I'm going to be putting it straight
into the flour and again make sure you
get this really coated well and just
shake off the excess flour and I'm gonna
double dip back into the egg and then
back into the flour and what that will
do is give us a really crunchy coating
on the outside and just keep repeating
that process for all the chicken that
you have so once we're finished coating
our chicken in the egg wash and the
flour we're going to deep fry them now
if it's got some vegetable oil in a
large pan and I've just put a bit of
flour in the egg wash just in there to
see if it's ready to fry and if you do
that and it sizzles and rises to the top
then you know it's hot enough so we've
got our chicken here or nicely coated
and I'm just going to pop it in really
carefully also with one of our wings as
well
so guys we want to cook this for about
12 to 15 minutes depending on the size
of the chicken but what we want
essentially on the outside is a nice
dark crispy skin with that batter so
guys it's been about 10 minutes you can
just see here that's the color that
you're after that beautiful golden brown
color so what I want you to do now is
just turn the heat off drain them on
some paper towel and then we can get
stuck into these bad boys so there you
have a guys it is so easy to make the
smell as one oval and just looking at
that crispy skin on the outside oh man
now just check that out now I'm just
going to show you something just here on
the skin I'm just going to pull this
back just so you can see there we've got
this beautiful moist chicken there and
this crispy skin oh wow oh oh man oh
it's hot too just check out that moist
chicken in there that skin is just
peeling back wow that is YUM oh so give
this one a go it is so easy to do it's
cheap to do and you'll have heaps of fun
making it as well you guys take care I
will see you this Monday for budget
meals so until then take care
[Music]